If only telemarketers would have the balls to call Chuck Norris... Then none of us would have to put up with them again What was going through the minds of all of Chuck Norris' victims before they died? His shoe. Chuck Norris doesn't wash his clothes, he disembowels them, Chuck Norris does not own a toothbrush, plaque is scared of Chuck, Crop circles are Chuck Norris' way of telling the world that sometimes corn needs to lie down.

Chuck Norris doesn't laugh, he chuckles Chuck Norris is currently suing NBC, claiming Law and Order are trademarked names for his left and right legs, When Chuck Norris sends in his taxes, he sends blank forms and includes only a picture of himself, crouched and ready to attack. Chuck Norris has not had to pay taxes, ever.

Chuck Norris originally appeared in the "Street Fighter II" video game, but was removed by Beta Testers because every button caused him to do a roundhouse kick. When asked bout this "glitch," Norris replied, "That's no glitch.". Chuck Norris can give a carpet an electric shock. Chuck Norris can lead a horse to water AND make it drink Chuck Norris preys on eagles by coming from above and snatching it with his hands, The quickest way to a man's heart is with Chuck Norris' fist, Outer space exists because it's afraid to be on the same planet with Chuck Norris. Contrary to popular belief, America is not a democracy, it is a Chucktatorship. Chuck Norris can peel an orange with his eyelids, but he rarely needs Vitamin C Chuck Norris is the only man to ever defeat a brick wall in a game of tennis Chuck Norris invented Kentucky Fried Chicken's famous secret recipe, with eleven herbs and spices. But nobody ever mentions the twelfth ingredient: Fear. Police label anyone attacking Chuck Norris as a Code 45-11... a suicide. Guns don't kill people. Chuck Norris kills people. Chuck Norris invented Kentucky Fried Chicken's famous secret recipe, with eleven herbs and spices. But nobody ever mentions the twelfth ingredient: Fear, Chuck Norris doesn't go hunting... CHUCK NORRIS GOES KILLING.

Chuck Norris invented Kentucky Fried Chicken's famous secret recipe, with eleven herbs and spices. But nobody ever mentions the twelfth ingredient: Fear. Chuck Norris has two speeds. Walk, and Kill, Chuck Norris' hand is the only hand that can beat a Royal Flush Chuck Norris is ten feet tall, weighs two-tons, breathes fire, and could eat a hammer and take a shotgun blast standing. What was going through the minds of all of Chuck Norris' victims before they died? His shoe Chuck Norris doesn't churn butter. He roundhouse kicks the cows and the butter comes straight out.